in the shadow of Israel's Relentless
bombardment there is a silent
crisis the psychological impact the war
has on people especially
children surrounded by destruction they
find refuge in drawing and other
activities it gives them some sense of
normaly in these turbulent
times we started by writing down our
dreams leaving out the period from
October 7th until now we drew and
colored sketches and we wrote down our
dreams in this way my five children and
I have tremendously enjoyed it it has
improved and shifted our negative
attitude to a positive
one with nearly 35,000 Palestinians
killed the scars are not always visible
mental health experts warned the impact
on these young minds could span
Generations since the war has shattered
gaza's mental health and other medical
facilities initiatives like this one in
Rafa help people process their trauma
through ART
with the ongoing genocide against
children and women we thought it was
necessary and important for them to
overcome such trauma therefore launching
this initiative was necessary to
contribute to enabling them to get over
of such shocks caused by the ongoing
loss destruction and genocide they're
experiencing every
day despite the challenges in delivering
mental health support the resilience of
the Palestinian spirit
persists but Israel's expanding military
operation in Rafa is threatening this
resilience as more attacks hinder
recovery efforts Axel zovich Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer